== OH NO

Hogwarts has lost all its magic and now NOTHING WORKS!

This app is riddled with student errors.

=== First
Correct all the errors so that this app runs properly.

=== Then
Implement a sorting hat method to randomly assign new students to one of Hogwarts' four houses.

=== How I'm thinking aka Plan of Attack

Get the code.

Are there any test in place?

Can I install the app in general...the road to "rails s"...

adjust the .gitignore file on my system

create a .rvmrc file and create a custom gemset

go bundle install

So first I just wanted to see everything the student created initially and then what changes where made over time up to the NOTHING WORKS! part.

I took a look at the git history and peeked at the lines of code changed...this gave me some idea of what the student was thinking...what she "wanted" to do.

Sometimes you can see a good idea or an actually correct solution having been removed due to lack of confidence and or confusion.

Typo hunting (HAHAHA), even more typo hunting.

Next I thought about all the internal mechanisms of the app. MVC...is everyone talking to everyone as they should be? does the database exist? does it work?
can I see it's contents in IRB?

When I do rake routes what do I get?

Wait...was the public/index.html file deleted?

Ok so now the database exist and the first page is displaying...the internal mechanics are "connected" 
it's just a matter of getting them to do what we want at this point...HOW should the DB tables be related to each other? 
What to do to my controllers to get the results I want in my views and data entered into my DB?

Then I'm going after the hat.
